Project Summary: SIM Compatibility Checker

This project aims to help users determine which SIM card providers are most suitable for their region, based on network connectivity, data prices, and availability. The application combines a backend C++ program, a Flask web server, and a user-friendly frontend to deliver region-specific SIM suggestions.

Key Features:
C++ Backend: The C++ program evaluates the network connectivity of various SIM providers (e.g., Verizon, Vodafone, T-Mobile) by assigning a rating based on the provider’s service quality. It also categorizes data prices as "Cheap", "Average", or "Expensive".

Location-Based SIM Suggestions: Users enter their location (continent, country, or city) to receive a list of SIM providers with details on their network connectivity and data prices. The program provides personalized recommendations based on location-specific data.

Frontend Interface: The frontend, built with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, allows users to input their location and receive SIM provider suggestions in a clean, responsive interface. The form dynamically submits data to the backend without reloading the page.

Flask Web Server: Flask serves as the backend framework, handling requests, running the C++ program with user input, and returning the processed results to the frontend. It also serves static files (HTML, CSS, JS).

Integration: The C++ logic for evaluating SIM providers is integrated with the web application, allowing real-time SIM compatibility checks for users based on their region.
🔐 Security Features Added
✅ Basic API key check (X-API-Key header)

✅ Validates if location is provided

✅ Uses subprocess.run() safely

✅ Returns consistent JSON error messages





Use Cases:
Travelers: Travelers can check which SIM provider will offer the best coverage and data rates in their destination region.

Local Residents: Users can compare different SIM providers available in their country or city to make informed decisions about which network offers the best service and value.

This project is designed to be a practical tool for anyone looking to assess SIM card options based on location, offering insights into network reliability and data pricing across a wide range of regions worldwide.


how to run 
open powershell
g++ process_location.cpp -o process_location.exe
sqlite3 sim_data.db
CREATE TABLE sims (id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY, sim_name TEXT, region TEXT);
INSERT INTO sims (sim_name, region) VALUES ('Airtel', 'Bhubaneswar');
INSERT INTO sims (sim_name, region) VALUES ('Jio', 'Bhubaneswar');
.exit
python app.py